Grandma, what should we do now?
Without these partners, our current solution would be a dead end.
The attendant who selected the top in the outer city originally said,
We are definitely facing a process now.
It turns out that these are all good habits.
Telephone calls and phone calls are just useless habits, so why don’t we just give them up?
Grandma, let’s just say this.
Grandma, if we go and talk to people like this,
I read a sentence.
Okay, what's your solution?
Didn’t you say that at most night
Then I, her, and the others will come begging me.
Why haven't you come yet?
Can you tell me whether it's accurate or not?
There's nothing I can do with you
Yes, we should not
Let’s go back and beg your grandma
As long as you submit to everyone
I believe your grandma knows everyone.
And as long as we are one now
As long as she has a contract worth 10 billion
Is it the heart of a family or you?
You'll see soon
It's not you